I am the young man Majed Al-Naezi from
Gaza. I was displaced to a garage in the city of
Rafah after the brutal aggression on the
Gaza Strip. I decided to start a project
after my source of income in the city of Gaza was cut off.
I started a new project that I can use to support
my children and my children in the city of
Rafah. I start my day at 12:00.  At dawn, we start
making the dough. When I finish
it, my wife starts covering a distance.
I go and get the breasts. I borrow them from
the oven I want to bake
in. Peace be upon you.
My wife and I are in this project so that we can
cover our expenses as if we were
displaced people,
because the cost of living is high. We suffer from a
complete lack of tools.  We borrow them
from our neighbors, for example, the table, the soup table,
and the dough we use
to make these pastries. We also suffer from the high prices of the raw materials used in making these pastries.
For example, the high price of
the ghee was 17 shekels, now it is 75
shekels for 3 liters. I also suffer from the story that I
bake in an
oven, in an old oven.  Primitive, that is, if I had a gas oven,
I would produce a faster quantity and it would help me produce
these pastries better and faster. I am on the
way to selling pastries. I hope
this war ends, and God willing, this way I will be able to
have my own project, so I can get the tools
myself and buy a gas oven and bake on it.  Alone,
because I suffer a lot with this method.
Fresh pastries,
guys. Fresh
and hot pastries. Problems, uncle,
problems.